32-bit address space

8 bits select the SPI slave
24 bits left

Use 8 for address



SPI Configuration:
	- Clock speed
	- Number of bytes
	- Write address with data?
		If enabled, the 8 LSBs of the address will precede the data
	- Num bytes
		Number of bytes from the HWDATA to forward to the SPI (1-4)

First draft:
- Strictly one byte read/write at a time
- Write:
	- Set state machine to 'writing' 


Copy the UART design, it will be very similar

For READING we first have to WRITE a READ instruction, followed by the ADDRESS, then we should read by pulsing SCLK and shifting MISO into a shift reg and writing HRDATA to that



Slave registers:
	SPI DATA + side effects (one per SPI slave)
		Writes will write into the shift register and immediately trigger
		Reads will trigger and then read from the shift register

	SPI DATA + without side effects (one shared)
		Writes will write into the shift register
		Reads will read from the shift register

	SPI CONFIG (one per slave + one shared)
		SCLK speed
		Chip select polarity
		Num bits to write
		IRQ flag (w1c)
		CPHA
		CPOL
		"hold CS low" control? Somehow? For multi-byte bursts
		FIFO support?
		Interrupt enable?
			For empty FIFO? or end of transaction? or completed read?

Parameters:
	Interrupt behaviour - sticky or pulse? Transitional?

Design:
	State machine states:
		Idle
		Transaction in flight
		Transaction complete

	5-bit register to count the number of bits transmitted so far
		Decrements by one on each SCLK
		Set to the configured number of bits for shifting when a new transaction starts
		State transitions to "complete" when it reaches zero

	Clock divider for SCLK:
		Divide main clock down a bunch
		Multiplex different speeds according to the SCLK speed configuration

	AHB register map
		Decode AHB and store configuration
		Gets complicated if a transaction is in flight already:
			For a data AHB transaction, we should stall AHB until current SPI transaction completes
			For a config AHB transaction, probably the same (?)

	FIFO (maybe)

	Main shift register
		Connect to MISO and MOSI
		"step" signal controlled by the FSM
		Side load option
		Side read option

	Slave config multiplexer
		Need to multiplex the config (e.g. SCLK speed) depending on the current slave
		So we need to store what the current slave is when the FSM starts up and retain it until the FSM is done

Problem with this configuration: we can only write 32 bits at a time
	Usually this will be enough
	but our slave supports writing as many bits as we like in one go, but only if we keep ~CS low
	Could implement a FIFO to keep writing until its empty
	or just ignore the ~CS and use a GPIO pin for it

Alternative concept: SPI "bridge"
	Treat the SPI block as a 'bridge' where the LSBs of the address get sent on
	This means the CPU can view it as an extension of the memory map
	but it also means the slave behaviour w.r.t. addressing and interpretation of the SPI data is fixed
	We could make it configurable but it's difficult to predict every possible slave use case
	I suppose we could include a 'maximum flexibility' configuration where the addressing is disabled and you can write whatever you want to the shift register
